What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	Git creates a repository keep track to of the different versions of files in the current working directory

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	The staging area only includes the files for which we want to track changes in a single commit. It allows user to choose which files to include in a commit, rather than every files in the directory.
	Working directory will shows all files in the directory. It doesn't interact with the act to creating a new commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	I can make changes to multiple files, but I may not want to includes all these changes in the one single commit. I can put the files I want to change on the staging area, this will keep the other files the same as those in the most recent commits. Then I can create a new commit with the files on the staging area. 
	Next I can create commit that includes the other files with changes in the working directory.
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	Branches are helpful when i want to make changes to the files, but retain a master versions. I can make changes to other branches while working on the master at the same time. Branches are useful when I want to makes changes that are not ready to be added to the master version. I can work on the experimental branches and the master branch at the same time, and merge them together when the experimental features are ready to be added the master version. 
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	From the perspective of the master branch and another branch that come from the master. The diagrams allow me to see where the non-master branch started, what new commits were added to it. The diagrams also shows me that commits that were added to the master branch. I can see tha changes in one brach that is not in the other.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	The contents of the two branches are combine into 1 version. Using the 1st common ancestor of the 2 branches as a guide, any addition in each is added to the merge version, any deletion in each is excluded out of the merger version. The merger commit will include a log of all the commits from both of its parent.
	The new merger commit is the tip of the current checkout branch. It will remember both branches as parents.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	Auto is easier. I can' think of a con as auto merge can only be complete successfully if there's no conflict
	Manual merge take time, but we can control what code is included in the merge version
	
	